CASMNET-2042 |  ex2500 cabinet in shasta management network (#3319)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/network/management_network/hardware/ex2500.md

> # EX2500 installation and cabling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# EX2500 Installation and Cabling
```

> This documentation helps network administrators and support personnel install and manage EX2500 cabinet in shasta management network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document helps network administrators and support personnel connect EX2500 cabinets to the Cray EX management network.
```

> ### HPE Cray EX2500 in quick summary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### HPE Cray EX2500 Quick Summary:
```

A single rack can accommodate up to 24 compute blade slots within 3 compute chassis.

One rack supports the following:
* Up to 3 compute chassis
* Up to 3 power shelves with 4 rectifiers per shelf - 12 total 15kw rectifiers per rack. (Note: 1 rectifier per shelf is used for redundancy)
* 3 PDUs (1 per power shelf)
* 3 power input whips (3-phase)
* Maximum of 24 compute blades
* Maximum of 24 HPE Slingshot switch blades
* Up to 2 in-rack Coolant distribution units for a max of 141KVA cooling capacity

#### How does EX2500 connect to Shasta management network:

Typically EX2500 cabinet connects in Shasta management network to the CDU switches (sw-cdu-00x).

However in some smaller setups where CDU switches are not present such as "test and development", it is possible to connect the EX2500 cabinet to sw-leaf-bmc switch.

#### How to connect EX2500 if CDU switches are not present:

> To connect EX2500 cabinet to a smaller system with out CDU switches will require a custom switch configuration from the network administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect an EX2500 cabinet to a smaller system without CDU switches will require a custom switch configuration from the network administrator as this layout is currently not supported by [CANU](https://github.com/cray-hpe/canu), the CSM management network configuration generation tool.  Please note that [custom switch configs](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/canu/blob/main/docs/network_configuration_and_upgrade/custom_config.md) should still be processed through [CANU](https://github.com/cray-hpe/canu) so that CANU does not overwrite them when generating switch configs.
```

> In a system without CDU switches, you can alternatively connect the EX2500 to sw-leaf-bmc switch.

Reviewer: Does the previous paragraph refer to connecting the EX2500 to a spine?  If so, we should more clearly state that it's possible to connect an EX2500 to a leaf or a spine when there is no CDU switch, but both scenarios will require a custom switch config.

Author: I deleted it, kind of duplicate.

> #### How to add EX2500 to Shasta management network:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to Add a EX2500 Cabinet to the Shasta Management Network:
```

> To add a EX2500 cabinet in your system, you will first need too create a "Mountain-Management" tab in SHCD and add it there. This will later on be used as your source to run the system seed files through CSI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add an EX2500 cabinet in your system, you first need to create a "Mountain-Management" tab in the system SHCD and add the cabinet as a line item in that tab.  The SHCD will be used to generate system seed files, or update SLS, depending on when in the system lifecycle the EX2500 is being added.
```

> The below is an example of how the entry in SHCD would look like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below is an example of how the EX2500 entry in the SHCD should appear.
```

> 

Reviewer: I think this needs a header that describes it as an example of the EX2500 when it includes a CDU switch.

| Source| Rack | Location | Slot | Port | Destination | Rack | Location | Port |
|:-------|------|:------|:-------------------------|:--------------|:--------------------|:-----|:----|:---|
| cmm0 | x8000 | c0 | | 1  | cdu0sw01 | x8000 | u37 | 1 |
| cec0 | x8000 | c0 | | 1  | cdu0sw01 | x8000 | u37 | 2 |
| cmm0 | x8000 | c0 | | 2  | cdu0sw02 | x8000 | u38 | 1 |
| cdu0sw01 | x8000 | u37 | | 48  | cdu0sw02 | x8000 | u38 | 48 |
| cdu0sw01 | x8000 | u37 | | 49  | cdu0sw02 | x8000 | u38 | 49 |
| cdu0sw01 | x8000 | u37 | | 50  | cdu0sw02 | x8000 | u38 | 50 |

> Now in a case that you do not have an CDU switch present you can still add the EX2500 cabinet to SHCD and modify the connections for the ex2500 to connect in sw-leaf-bmc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case that you do not have a CDU switch present you can still add the EX2500 cabinet to SHCD and modify the connections for the ex2500 to connect to the sw-leaf-bmc device.
```

> 

Reviewer: I think we need a second table that has an example of the EX2500 entry when it does not have a CDU switch.

> As it stands currently, CANU does not generate configuration for EX2500 ports if it is in any other switch than CDU. To over come this issue you can create a custom configuration file and apply that as a part of your full CANU switch configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned above, CANU does not currently generate configuration for EX2500 ports if they are connected to any switch other than a CDU switch.  This configuration is still possible, but requires a custom switch configuration from the network administrator.  Please note that [custom switch configs should still be processed through CANU](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/canu/blob/main/docs/network_configuration_and_upgrade/custom_config.md) so that [CANU](https://github.com/cray-hpe/canu) does not overwrite them when generating switch configs.
```
